Docs: Fix formatting of GitHub Actions content (#19241)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/codeql-library-for-actions.rst

   * - CodeQL class
     - Description and selected predicates
   * - ``Workflow``

>      -  An Actions workflow, defined as a mapping at the top level of a workflow YAML file in ``.github/workflows``. See https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions.

Reviewer: We have this link in line 111 above too. Suggest either deleting it here, or borrowing the formatting:

```suggestion
     -  An Actions workflow, defined as a mapping at the top level of a workflow YAML file in ``.github/workflows``. See `workflows <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/about-workflows>`__ and `workflow syntax <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/writing-workflows/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions>`__.
```

Author: I'll come back to this. Right now the text here is richer than the text in the inline QLDoc, and they are meant to match.
